I have always been interested in charting my own course and growing up,
I lived in both India and the UK,
giving me two very different cultural experiences.
This has stuck with me throughout my career
and allows me to look at challenges from multiple perspectives
and give me an appreciation of other's diversity of thought.
Instead of my parents choosing my career path,
I decided to carve out my own educational path and later pursued a career at EY
where I have thrived being part of a diverse team
where we get to leverage our different perspectives to fuel innovation.
I’ve never really been satisfied with what’s conventional,
so at EY I decided to enroll on a year-long intensive analytics course.
Even though it disrupted my career path,
it also opened up the whole world of opportunities
and now I’m now part-way into obtaining my platinum Data analytics badge.
It’s also helped me to gain skills and embed these into the client work that I do,
enabling me to provide clients with better insights,
and it’s also allowed me to help my counselee discover more about data analytics
and now she’s inspired to work towards her own badge.
It’s helped me identify my next goal:
setting up analytics platforms across EY.
This is what I prize the most;
inspiring others to see the value of data analytics for EY clients
and to help them and empower them to root this in the work they do.